you know what's up guys like i said i'm
bringing you guys a tips from being a
rifleman or an engineer which is going
to be both in this commentary because
i'm not very good i'm no expert at all
at being a rifleman or an engineer
because i only play them a few times and
I was just trying to get gameplay real
quick you know as a beginner show
beginners you know enemy not each plan
just just trying to make excuses anyway
so as a rifleman I noticed they're slow
so with your gun you're going to want to
try to up the maneuverability to try to
make it faster but I won't see you like
you're kind of you're the kind of guy to
go and get the kills keep killing them
suppress them and all that kind of stuff
you're um the guy if it's siege mode to
run around with engineer make sure he
doesn't die because he's the one who's
gonna collect intel and all that kind of
stuff you want to make sure he lives
because their guns aren't that good
they're very weak there's there for a
short mid range combat your sorrowful is
for a long-range like them mk14 amusing
has like the range is far and the power
lot like really good but the control and
maneuverability very bad so you
basically the main Slayer and a bit of
support depending on what kind of games
type you're playing and uh what role you
decide to choose um so basically what
you want to do um so basically what i
notice that each engineer redmond and
sniper have their own roles to the team
basically you know one Scouts one does
the Intel and engineer can also do a
little bit of Intel with the sensors the
riflemen are basically just stop you
know the killers you know those Slayer
guys who support the Intel and scouts
you know make sure they live but also
kill things like crazy and they can also
do like a bit of Intel work as well you
know why not um good thing about the
rifleman though a frag is there are
eight but i'm when i was using among
guard it all right right i guess on them
and they don't always kill but they do
stun them a bit but i'd rather go to EMP
because engineers they have to eat they
have two sensors and let go to use them
a lot so any people get just get rid of
the vm what do you call it the sensor
easily that's why I use it on my sniper
so I don't get caught and if saying
you're exchanging fire with a enemy and
they're not a rifleman unless they're a
sniper be careful if they're an engineer
you most likely have the range on them
and the power on them so if you guys are
you know picking out you know the wall
you know just peeking it out just pick
up the wall away from to peek out his
head and just shoot and you're probably
first bullets gonna take them down
that's how powerful the weapon i'm using
as a ref minutes but um I'm pretty much
almost out of time for the rifleman
gameplay that I've got right here for
you guys so at three minutes it's going
to switch over to engineer and um so
let's go into the engineering the
typical engineer alright so what I know
is supposed to engineer is um they're
basically just like snipers you know
Scouts and some mostly getting in self
the riflemen and snipers but um they
could do a little damage whatnot you
know they have different weapons went up
but their weapons are very very weak
especially the one you start off with AK
74 you actually I think it is the power
the range is very low in the control i
believe is pretty low as well but the
maneuverability is a very good I mean
you're the guy running gets into run out
and that's pretty much your job get in
so stun your enemies don't use a pistol
because your job is Intel so you'll use
the stun gun sneak up on guys use your
sense there to find out what they are so
your riflemen know where they are and
your snipers know where they are so they
can take em out especially for siege
mode you definitely only use your
sensors also with a stun gun if you can
sneak up on a guy stun them sales and so
now you know where all the enemies are
on the mini-map and that's a pretty much
the job of the engineer um you can do
you know Rush and kill but the chances
of you winning against a rifleman
head-on with a you know what they're
with their guns are pretty powerful is a
very low chance you can probably take on
a sniper if you can not get sniped and
that's a you know all right but don't
take them from long range because you're
a little submachine gun shooting will
not make it all the way to where they
are probably and the snipers are
probably to be up high in far so get
close throw your sensors find out what
they are you're basically your job I'm
going to say this for any game mode is
to let your teammates and yourself know
where they are and take them up and get
insult your that's what you want to work
on that's the fun thing about being an
engineer when I was playing with it I
was having this is my third game
actually be an engineer I was having fun
collecting Intel you know moving around
being sneaky that's your job basically
but yeah that's all i can think up for
engineer that's all the time i really
have really good gameplay i have for it
so i will i will be doing more as I
level them up and hope you guys enjoy
this so until I think guys I'm having
peace